DOC-7522 Add XDCR-Inter-Sync Gateway note (#327)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/learn/icr-sgreplicate-sgr1.adoc

= SG Replicate
:page-status: Deprecated
:page-role: conceptual

> :description: Couchbase Mobile's SG Replicate protocol support inter-cluster replication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description:  SG Replicate protocol supports inter-Sync Gateway replication
```

include::partial$_std-hdr-sgw.adoc[]

:topic-group: {tg-rep-icr}
:param-related: {xref-sgw-pg-config-properties} | {xref-sgw-pg-rest-api-admin}

> :param-abstract: This content is deprecated. It provides an introduction to, and overview of SG Replicate, which was replaced by Inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway Replication in release 2.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:param-abstract: This content is deprecated. It provides an introduction to, and overview of SG Replicate, which was replaced by a completely redesigned and rearchitected version in release 2.8.
```
